Of course in this lecture collaborators and reviewers.
Now this is a really important feature.
Why.
A of reasons why people go to show me you'll be able to collaborate with other people share and get
immediate feedback and.
That's a really really cool feature and one of biggest reasons I do use bosonic is the main one now
uses effectively I think everyone has their network friends or family or colleagues who will look at
this and get some feedback.
Keep in mind Sachi kind of cool it's an interesting novelty.
There's a lot of different ways that you can export what you're doing and it ends up being a really
kind of a cool effect.
Now if you're going for instance a patient you could send a mobile application by letting the person
look at on the phone.
You don't need to look at it when it's really really helpful.
And of course you need to be constantly looking for feedback.
Every time you build something you have access to something give you feedback.
Please go ahead and do it.
You guys are coming for my audition.
Of course it's really important to use things like five second test to show people what they look what
you look like and see who gets to take these with a grain of salt know a member of the daily sketches
are just challenges you're not supposed to look exactly like you should.
Everyone has a work in progress but it's an immensely powerful tool.
All right.
I want to go to the screen test that is pulled open the web prototype that we had created earlier to
show you how these things work.
So first off we're talk about simulate this button right here.
This is mainly for your purposes.
You want to see how this is going to look in a browser.
And that's important because you need to make sure that you're not for instance designing things that
are outside the boundaries of a browser or designing things that are too large or too small for your
browser.
Now obviously you set your canvas size the way that you would imagine a browser being but that can create
problems because you're not always exact.
And a lot of times you might design for one browser and it just doesn't look right or you know you can't
make something that just looks correct and everything.
It's great for tweaking.
So over here what you do is you go up assimulate and you have three options simulate scatch simulate
sketch comics and simulate pain.
The difference here is it's going to simulate all of these designs in a different way.
Now if you simulate plane it's you know look the same way that you see it right here.
The other ones are scatch.
Now we talked about this previously what sketch designs do and when you use sketch designs it makes
it kind of look it looks like Scatchard it looks like someone took a pencil and drew this in and they
purposely make it look sloppy.
Now the reason why they do that is because we talked about this previewer previously.
It's called user feedback bias.
Now the crappier it looks and the more it looks like you didn't put a lot of time into it then the user
or the person looking at it is going to judge it's more so on content layout structure and less so on
the actual design of it.
It's kind of a subconscious reinforcement that this is not polished and is not finished please only
give me feedback on the limited amount of information you see.
Please don't say oh it's ugly because it's not supposed to look pretty.
So I can show you really quickly what that ends up looking like.
So we'll look at plain.
This is redundant because it's going to look exactly like you just saw it but it's be placed in a browser.
There you go.
It put bounding boxes here so you can kind of see where the canvas starts and ends.
So this is a simulation you don't really get rid of that but what you can tell here is wow look that's
the bounding box is.
We should increase the width.
I mean we might as well design the page for the entire page itself.
And it's not responsive you'll notice it just kind of nothing moves.
That's because this is just a flat design.
Ok so now we can look at sketched aerial.
There you go.
And what it does here is that it even gives you a little bit it's like paper in fact just again visually
reinforce that this is like a scratch pad like I sketched this together.
The other one is sketched.
And this is with comic sans So this takes like friends and see here how it loses some of its fidelity
doesn't touch the text.
Well because typically when you write in text in paedo codes and Aeriel anyway so this is think of this
kind of a spectrum.
This is the most accurate based on your wire frames.
This is in between and this is going to be super sloppy and ghetto.
And here you go this is comic sans I don't usually use Comic Sans But if you understand the reason why
you scatch then you might have a reason for using this.
This almost just looks entirely too bad so don't send it to anyone who you're trying to impress.
I usually go with this option but it's up you can always leave comments here to you can leave a comment
and you can kind of like for instance here what you can do is you can say a comment fixed this and then
I'll say implemented and I'll post it and like to say so what you can do is you can just say what changes
you've made.
I can post notes
this is great for internal conversations.
It works great for you because then I can go back and I can see this.
I left a comment.
I can double click it and it gives me some info about it.
And then you can drag and drop it wherever you want.
So theoretically you could this anything anywhere you want.
If I wanted to leave a comment about say the home button I could do that.
And then I can put it on the home button.
OK.
So that's helpful visual reminders don't these too much because you'll get in the way.
So we go back to the page now.
The other thing is sharing sharing is incredibly helpful.
And Prisco.
Now what you can do is you can do viewing reviewing and collaboration.
Now there's there's three different things and they're just different.
Sending a view invitation e-mail.
What that does is it sends to someone Hey come look at my wireframe.
It's just flat.
It's it's like when you use Google documents and you share something with someone and you say anyone
at this link can see this.
That's it.
Now review is different.
You're going to get the link to see your wireframe.
And there are going to be able to add in comments and I'll show you what this looks like in just a second.
That's helpful if say you have some people on your team that you know show this to you or some customers
that are following you along.
You can send them something they can review it tell you how they think and that's incredibly helpful.
Now with wireframe that's not really really super helpful.
It might be helpful if you say for instance send this to your graphic designer.
They can say hey somebody lay out lay out don't look that great why don't we try something else or developer
or something like that.
I wouldn't necessarily send wireframe to a client for review again because when they're reviewing it
they might be confused as to what exactly they're reviewing.
When you go ahead and create a high fidelity prototype this can be incredibly helpful.
Just keep in mind this will kind of make you want to create more iteration cycles so if someone says
hey something's screwed up or ugly or change this you're going want to go back to your designer or go
back to the Paducah and change it and that will add some significant time.
So be aware of that.
Collaboration is a little bit different.
Collaboration is if you wanted to create a wireframe with someone else or a prototype so you could send
someone a collaboration link.
That means they can log on just like we are now and they can edit things and Paducah will keep a running
log of all the edits that people make.
And you can add comments.
This is great especially if you're not in the same office working with someone you can create a version
of someone they can create a version send it back.
That's very helpful.
That's one of the big reasons why pick Padalka because it has these features right here.
This also is another reason why they have the mobile app invitation email that's incredibly helpful
because what's going to happen is if I create a mobile app I want people to be able to view it on their
phone.
So what I would do is I would send them a mobile app invitation email.
They're going to get that e-mail and they click this link to download the app how it works actually
is it just to display it like a web page.
So we're going to send them the link.
They're going to open it and it's going to pop up on their page and it has kind of a simulation like
a mobile application later in the course.
I'm actually going to demo this.
And so you're going to see it but I'm going to do that in the prototyping phase and I get to show you
how we actually get that on your phone.
It's actually quite cool.
And this is the last one it's called Get a link with this prototype that's just you know if you want
to be flexible you just want to link us in that link to people.
And with that link they can view it is the same thing like this button maybe you don't want to have
to insert everyone's email say you want to post this just on a page or something like that.
OK.
So I will demo really quickly what a review e-mail looks like it's going allow you to set all the information
and send it to however you want.
Doesn't particularly matter.
And then we can pick which one we want we're going to pick.
Ariel
get here we are this is all the information that I put in it.
I didn't put any information on it but if you put in text it actually display this text right here.
And then it just gives me a link.
OK.
And so it looks roughly the same.
The only difference here is that they can see all of these comments.
Now if you only allow them to view they wouldn't see any of this.
Did you see the image now review reviewer what they can do is just add comments and they can participate
in these threads.
I don't like this
fix this part.
I could say post it.
See now it's gonna be associated to my e-mail address and then I can.
But I want it to be like this.
You put it up.
You can see that I fix that.
OK.
Last but not least I'm going to show you a little of the exports.
So before we just looked at viewer review collaboration these are how all of these work.
They all have different use cases.
I will show you the mobile app invitation email how that works in the future collaboration.
You can basically understand it.
It makes you create a video co account and then you can log in and edit it.
Same way we are x4 it the last option.
Now this is you know for different use cases you can do HVM export.
That's going to do is just download an email file with a folder or attach the images in it.
This is great if you have your own web site and you want to post it to your Web site and share it that
way.
I don't do that because it has made it simple enough that I can share over here.
You can do it as a vector graphics export.
That's great for a graphic designer because they can just toy with it whatever they are they want but
it's really not particularly different than the other ones.
PTF PMG these are just flat standard images.
You can do it as a word export that comes out a little bit weird.
I wouldn't necessarily use that if you have graphic images in here.
I wouldn't use that if if your layout is important to you and then screen flow if you want to export
the screen flow we created previously.
One thing worth pointing out is when you do like a PDA for PMG export or even HDMI out you can export
these in groups so I can include discussions page details like an inside layer is all that stuff and
I can export all of these together if I wanted to.
And this is what a PDA fax part looks like.
It's kind of cool because it will create a front page for you if you have multiple pages it'll list
out all of the different things on here.
I just export the screen flow to the screen close shows that sitemap that we created previously if I
wanted to just explore
just my basic actual wireframe so I could just do this.
OK so that's a brief review of simulate share and export.
There's a lot of functionality there and I think that's one of the things that separates POKO from the
rest of the wire framing prototyping tools.
So make sure that you get these to good use.
Make sure that you're sharing with your friends getting their feedback adding collaborators when you
can.
And also deploying on mobile applications.
But I'll show you later how we do that.
Did you guys have any questions.
Always post in the group discussion or send me a private message otherwise I'll see you in the next.